TechTriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd 2. Organization: TechTriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd 3. Aggrieved : Any person mentioned in II (2) who is subjected to Sexual Harassment at workplace 4. Complainant: A person who files a complaint of sexual harassment suffered or caused to them or any other person with the permission of the complainant or their legal heir 5. Respondent: Against whom the complaint is given 6. Employer: The person(s) responsible for the management, supervision and control of the workplace and discharging contractual obligations with respect to their employees. 7. Workplace: Workplace includes any place visited by the employee arising out of or during the course of employment which are: All office premises All locations where work related activities take place, like client and supplier locations, conferences, seminars, training and meetings Transportation provided by the employer, like office cab or bus Communication medium provided by the employer, like office email, chat tools or phone Office sponsored entertainment, like team dinner, outing or annual party Office provided accommodation or stay, like hostels, guest houses or hotel rooms. When an employee is working remotely or from home, those spaces are also considered workplace. Social events which are not organized by the organization are excluded from the purview of this Policy. In case, an employee is subject to sexual harassment from a co-worker at such a social event, then required action under this Policy will be taken against such concerned individuals if: a. The incident can affect the reputation of the organization. b. The incident can create a hostile, toxic or intimidating environment at the workplace. c. The incident can have an adverse effect on a person's ability to discharge them duties related to employment. 8. Sexual harassment: Any unsolicited and unwelcome (direct or implied) physical, verbal or non- verbal act of sexual nature that include but are not limited to: Derogatory comments on a person's look, body or clothing Repeated flirting or asking out on date despite being turned down POSH Policy - Confidential Page 4 / 14

