TechTriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd respondent. 4. If a settlement is arrived, no further inquiry will be conducted by Internal Committee. VII. Inquiry 1. In case no settlement is arrived at, or the settlement arrived at in conciliation is not complied with, then the matter will be inquired by the IC. The same will be communicated to the complainant and the respondent. 2. If the complainant and/or the respondent desires to present witnesses and evidence, they should communicate this in writing to the IC. 3. If the Complainant and/or the Respondent desires to produce any documents as evidence they should provide original copies of the same. Evidence in digital/electronic form will be forwarded to the IC in such manner ensuring that the same is not tampered. 4. In case there is a high likelihood for any of the Internal Committee members to be biased in the inquiry or exhibiting conflicting interests with respect to the complaint, they must recuse themselves from the inquiry. Final decision on any perceived or apparent conflict of interest of an IC Member brought forward by the complainant, respondent, witnesses or other IC members will be taken by the Presiding Officer. In case of any perceived or apparent conflict of interests in any IC Member, the team of Internal Committee members that will hear a specific case will be structured by the Presiding Officer. 5. The Internal Committee will conduct the inquiry following the principles of natural justice. Both the complainant and respondent will be given adequate opportunity to explain their sides in the case and cross-examine the other party and their witnesses. 6. The IC will complete the Inquiry, in-person or virtually, within three months from the receipt of the complaint. 7. All the findings of the IC will be shared with the complainant and respondent before the Inquiry Report is prepared. If the complainant and the respondent have any objections with the inquiry report, they can inform the same to the Internal Committee. POSH Policy - Confidential Page 8 / 14

