It's crucial to follow the standard WFH approval process as it allows us to maintain accurate records and ensure that each request is duly evaluated to prevent abuse of this process. When WFH approvals are directly managed by the CEO, it enables us to address staffing and resource allocation more effectively, especially in situations where multiple departments may have concurrent WFH requests. Moreover, if HR does not receive a formal WFH approval email from the CEO or any designated authority, the absence will be recorded as per our regular leave policy. Employees who wish to separate from the company fraternity at their will can do so without any resistance. However, such an employee shall have to notify his/her desire to resign by giving a resignation notice not less than 30 calendar days by submitting a resignation letter to his/her Manager. However, notice period may vary on a case-to-case basis and decided in accordance with the employment agreement signed by the employee. 5.2 PROGRESSIVE DISCIPLINE & TERMINATION OF SERVICES • T3 may use progressive discipline (for example oral and written warnings) at its discretion or may discharge an Employee immediately depending on the nature of the problem and all relevant facts. • Termination of employment may occur when deemed warranted by T3. This may occur after utilization of one or more of the above disciplinary steps or without utilizing any of the steps. • In the event of any breach of the code of conduct or non-performance of contractual obligation or the terms and conditions laid down in this agreement, the employee services with T3 could be terminated without any notice notwithstanding any other terms and conditions stipulated herein. T3 further reserves the right to invoke other legal remedies as it deems fit to protect its legitimate interests. • Upon termination of an Associate’s employment with T3, the employee shall return to T3 all the assets, protocols, Work-in-Progress, and property of T3 (including leased property), documents, files, weapons, computers, books, papers, memos, or any other property of T3, in the employee’s possession or under the employee’s control. • In the event of employment termination for any reason, the year-end performance incentive (if applicable) as part of the employee’s compensation structure will not be processed as part of full & final settlement. 5.3 ABSCONDING • A person is deemed to be absconding if he/ she is absent from duty without any intimation for more than 2 business days.

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023

5.0 TERMINATION AND RETIREMENT		
		5.1 VOLUNTARY RESIGNATION/TERMINATION OF SERVICES

