b. Provide employees with feedback on their performance and areas for improvement. c. Offer support, training, and resources to help employees enhance their performance. d. Establish a structured process to address performance concerns. e. Determine the appropriate course of action based on an employee's response to the PIP. • Evaluation and Follow-up: a. At the end of the 30-day PIP period, the supervisor, in consultation with the HR department, evaluates the employee's performance against the agreed-upon goals. b. If the employee demonstrates significant improvement and meets the required performance standards, the PIP will be considered successfully completed. c. If the employee fails to meet the required performance standards, appropriate disciplinary action may be taken, including termination of employment. • Confidentiality All discussions, documents, and information related to the PIP process will be handled with strict confidentiality. Only the concerned employee, their supervisor, and authorized HR personnel will have access to the relevant information. 7.0 EXIT INTERVIEW Any employee, who has tendered his /her resignation, needs to participate in an Exit Interview with the HR representative. The objective of these interviews is to obtain open feedback on various aspects such as job, policies and procedures, environment, culture etc. 7.1 CODE OF CONDUCT The T3’s Code of Conduct has been formulated in order, so that the highest level of professionalism is maintained by the employee at any level whether functioning within or outside the premises of the Organization. 7.2 USE OF ORGANIZATION RESOURCES The employee shall be responsible for the safekeeping and good condition and order of all the T3’s property entrusted to his/her care and charge. The Associate may use T3’s resources only for official purposes. 7.3 RETURN OF ORGANIZATION’S PROPERTY Upon termination of employment for any reason or at any other time that T3 may request, employee shall immediately return to T3 without condition all equipment’s, files, records, books and all copies thereof in possession, custody and control, including but not limited to all cellular telephones, equipment, weapons, vehicles, lists, credit cards, keys, reports, software, manuals, passwords, tax returns, financial reports, correspondence, memoranda, letters and similar items.

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023

