4.6 LEAVE BALANCE ADJUSTMENT AND UTILIZATION POLICY • All employees are granted 16 paid leave annually, which translates to 1.33 leaves per month. • If an employee has a leave balance of 0.85 days, we will round this up by adding 0.15 days to make it a full day. This rounding adjustment can be used once per year. In such an instance, please send an email to HR department requesting to round up. Hr will consider one request in a year and thus avoid multiple requests. • In cases where an employee's leave balance is more than 0.50 days but less than 0.85 days, they can avail 0.50 days (half day) only. Any balance beyond this will result in Leave Without Pay (LOP). 4.7 WEEKLY OFF DAYS • Standard Working week will be Monday to Friday. • Scheduled week offs are Saturdays and Sundays. However, occasionally you may be asked to serve the company on these days offering alternative days off during the week or later. 4.8 WORK FROM HOME (WFH) POLICY 1. For designated employees who report directly to the CEO: Kindly send your WFH approval request email directly to the CEO, with HR marked in CC. 2. For employees who report to a lead or manager: • Please ensure that you send your WFH request email to your respective managers. • Managers, it is your responsibility to forward the request to the CEO for WFH approval. • Provide a brief justification for the WFH request in your email to the CEO. • Remember to mark HR in CC for documentation purposes. 3. WFH Exclusion on Weekends and Mondays: Employees are not permitted to opt for WFH on weekends or the start of weekday, i.e., Fridays and Mondays. And also, not the immediate days before or after a holiday. 4. WFH Eligibility Criteria: a) WFH requests will be considered for employees who have genuine reasons for their inability to come to the office but can still work productively with efficiency from home. In such cases, employees may request WFH , subject to review by manager and subsequent approval from CEO .

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023

