• Employee agrees that during his/her employment with the Organization, or at any time after the termination of employment with the Organization, use for me or others, or disclose or divulge to others including future employers, any trade secrets, confidential information, or any other proprietary data of the Organization or its Clients in violation of this agreement. • Upon the termination of employment from the Organization: Employee shall return to the Organization all documents and property of the Organization, including but not necessarily limited to drawings, blueprints, reports, manuals, correspondence, customer lists, computer programs, equipment and all other materials and all copies thereof relating in any way to the Organization's business, or in any way obtained by them during the course of employment. Employees will also sign an affidavit prior to leaving the Organization that they warrant that they are not in possession of any material/information of the Organization and/or its clients. The Organization may notify any future or prospective employer or third party of the existence of this agreement and shall be entitled to full injunctive relief for any breach. Any act or language with sexual overtones or implications proving offensive to a colleague of the opposite or same sex will be construed as sexual misconduct and should be strictly avoided. Offensive posters/screen savers/mails or magazines and books at the Associate’s workplace should be strictly avoided. Every employee of T3 holding a senior and responsible position shall take all possible steps to ensure a positive work environment free of any form of sexual discrimination. 7.8 AUTHORIZATION Only authorized employees of T3 may speak about the Organization, its business plans, current projects etc. 7.9 ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY (ESH) The employee shall at all times, ensure that all the environmental, health and safety conditions are in conformance with the statutory and Organization’s policies and procedures. 8.0 JURISDICTION • Even though T3 may depute the employee to any client location, for work, within India or overseas, the jurisdiction concerning any dispute arising out of the employee’s employment will be that of the courts in Hyderabad only.

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023

	7.7 SEXUAL HARASSMENT

