• When an employee is not attending duty without information, for more than 2 business days, the concerned Reporting Manager/Department head shall try reaching the employee with the help of Human Resources Department to his/her present and permanent address asking him/her about the reasons. • In case he/she doesn’t respond to the communication within a week/ if the communication gets returned without being served, the concerned Reporting Manager/ Department head shall refer the matter to the Human Resources department for initiating necessary legal action. 5.4 PROCEDURE FOR VOLUNTARY TERMINATION (RESIGNATION) • The employee is required to submit his resignation letter to his Reporting Manager • The Reporting Manager shall accept the same indicating the date when he/she can be released from the services and shall forward it to the Human Resources department for further processing. • During the notice period of 30 or 60 days the employee will have to actual work hours. • Vacation time will not be allowed to be set-off against notice period. • Submission of resignation notice would result in lapse of vacation time unless an employee serves the Organization during the notice period. • Upon successful completion of the notice period the Human Resources department shall issue an acceptance letter stating the relieving date from the services of the Organization. • The employee will be given a service certificate and a relieving letter on his last working day with the Organization. • The Human Resources department should send the final clearance form to the Reporting manager/ department head and other concerned and get the relevant clearance signatures and submit the duly completed form to the accounts department and for settlement of financial dues. • The full & final settlement should be made by the accounts department only after getting the clearance/approval from the Reporting Manager/ department head concerned that there are no pending dues with the employee and that he/she has returned all the Organization’s equipment, papers, etc. that he/she may have with him/her. 6. PIP • To ensure fair and transparent performance management, a 30-day Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) will be implemented for the employees who require additional support to meet the expected performance standards. • The purpose of the Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) is to: a. Clearly communicate performance expectations to employees.

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023


5.5 FINAL SETTLEMENT

