7.4 EMPLOYEE – DO’S AND DON’TS The employees are required to follow some Do’s and Don’ts for smooth conduct of Organization’s business and ensuring a healthy organizational climate. The following acts and omissions will be treated as misconduct: • Willful insubordination or disobedience, whether alone or in combination with another or others, of any lawful and reasonable orders of a superior. • Theft, fraud, or dishonesty in connection with the Organization's business or property. • Habitual late attendance. • Riotous or disorderly behavior during working hours in the premise of the Organization or any act subversive to discipline. • Engaging in trade or personal work within the premise of the Organization. • Habitual absence without leaves of absence for more than seven consecutive days. • Sleeping while on duty. • Found intoxicated by drinks/drugs, smoking in places where it is prohibited. • Failure to observe duly notified safety instructions or interference with any safety device or equipment. • Threatening, abusing, intimidating, or assaulting any employee of the Organization or its clients. • Refusal to receive a memo, charge sheet, or order or other communication served. • Willful falsification or defacement or destruction of any records of the Organization or its clients. • All employees who are either taking out the material on a returnable basis or non- returnable basis should fill in the material register. • All employees who are going on official tour should present themselves properly before the customers and in no way their behavior should tarnish the Organization image. • No employee should carry out any activities during working hours which are prejudicial, or which cause disturbance to the smooth and normal functioning of work. 7.5 BUSINESS CONDUCT The employee shall at all times, maintain office decorum, including in dealing with colleagues, both within the office premises and at client locations. 7.6 NON-DISCLOSURE TERMS That during the course of employment the employee may be exposed to or gain knowledge of certain confidential information, about the Organization, its trade secrets, policies & practices and/or of its clients and employees; this could include financial, access and other highly secure and information that may be useful to others but is to be guarded as private.

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023

