• The list of holidays will be made available to all the Associates by sending a copy of the list through electronic mail apart from display on the notice board. • To avail optional holidays an employee needs to complete 1 month’s employment with T3. If an employee joins in the 3rd Quarter, he/she is entitled to avail any one optional holiday. • Employees who are serving their Notice Period may take optional holiday based on eligibility. • Employees will be eligible for 16 days of paid leave and 9 days of paid holidays as per Company policy. The objective of this policy is to explain the leave eligibility, entitlement, and procedure for availing leave. This policy will be reviewed and modified periodically. The leave policy sets out the various types of leaves that an employee is eligible for and outlines the procedure for taking leave. 4.1 LEAVE Leave is a provision to stay away from work for genuine reasons with prior approval of the authorities. It may be granted for a casual purpose or planned activity, on medical grounds or in extraordinary conditions. 4.2 LEAVE CALENDAR AND APPLICABILITY • Leave Calendar is from 1st January – 31st December. • Standard hours per day: 9 hours • Half Day: Employees need to work for at least 4 hours in a day. • The different types of leaves covered under this policy are: • Casual / Sick leave (CL/SL) • The policy is applicable for all employees. • This policy is not applicable to consultants engaged with the Organization. For consultants, the leave will be in accordance with the individual contract signed with T3. • In the event of an employee leaving the service of the organization by way of resignation or attaining the age of retirement or otherwise he / she shall not earn or avail any Leave during the notice period that the employee needs to serve. • All leave requests should be submitted using the “GreytHR” and should receive approval from concerned manager/supervisor and notify HR upon approval of the same.

Techtriad Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd.	Document#01 & Version 1.0
	April 01, 2023

4 LEAVE GUIDELINES
4.0 LEAVE POLICY STATEMENT & OBJECTIVE:

